MTM-46453 Added requirements for all major cockpit features. (#532)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/cockpit-bundle/data-point-library.md

    Either select one of the existing data points from the list or click **Add data point** at the top right to add a new data point to the library which meets your individual needs, see the *User guide* for details."
---

The data point library provides a collection of data points with default values for data point properties.

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

> - To add new data points: CREATE or ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To add a new data point: CREATE or ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"
```

- To delete data points: ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"

> - To edit data points: ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To edit a data point: ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"
```
